Okay.
um...
You have to choose a dangerous place?
Yeah.
me...
Uh-huh.
Is it before or after the... everything happens?
If it's before that it's very dangerous. If it's after it's not as dangerous.
Uh-huh.
Yes. Everything is middle earth.
Yeah. Rohan.
No, it's underwater. Oh, yeah. I think
that would be a nice place to live though.
After the war. It's really, it's really free. Lots of
black grass. Yeah.
mmh
Morgoth.
Morgoth...
Um...
I would choose...
No. It's not there after the war. I think dangerous I'll have
to... choose...
Ummm...
If I were going to choose one dangerous place...
But I might choose Morgoth too. Because there's some parts that aren't too bad.
Yeah.
Oh... I think Morgoth is from mostly Hobbit.
So, it's when the giant spiders
come out. And then, It's where the wood-elves live. Yeah.
I think Woodland Kingdom wouldn't count as a dangerous place.
It depends on if you're on the Elves good side or not.
Yeah, they could be very mean. They're not as wise as the other elves.
Yeah that too.
You have a favorite scene from Lord of the Ring?
It could be book or movie.
Moria? Oh, the...
Ohhh...
I think the battle team. But they find it worse too.
um... that's a real defense too.
Yeah.
My favorite scene. That's so hard, but...
Ohhh...
Favorite. Oh, but I think one of my favorite from the book
It's when the hobbits meet Aragorn for the first time.
When I start listening to Fellowship, I'm going on audiobooks.
I always start with that part.
Where they meet him.
Yeah.
mmh
Ohhh... Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. and then Gandalf like
you don't need me anymore. You guys can do this. And they really did it.
That's so true!
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The Hobbits. They're the warriors.
He's beating everyone else. I see, that's really cool. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. And they go together.
Yeah. That's such a really good part. Yeah...
Uhhh... hmmm...
hmm...
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Oh, Faramir. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. It isn't in the movie.
There's ten...
They have too. They have five seconds scene.
They fall in love in five seconds in the movie.
It's really short in the book too, I heard like some readers complain that it was too short.
um... but, I think it's good.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Yes, it's true. But they're like
Eowyn's character development, you can really see that.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's true. I like it too.
Wait. I don't know how interested you are, sorry to ask.
But do you have a favorite romance?
From Lord of the ring. There's a lot.
I know there's some romantic ones there for you.